# Q1
## a
- Support multiple full fleged programming languages. . Net framework support C#, C++, VB.Net and etc to develop software and service.
- .Net framework support cross platform development. It can be used to build web, desktop and mobile application. 
- Provide rich set of libraries and resuable component. 
- .NET framework allows developers to focus on core business logic code.

## b
### i
- Internet informaton service (IIS) for Windows

### ii
- Microsoft SQL server

## c
- Static
	- No processing power
	- Content remain the same
	- No functionality
	- Develop using HTML, CSS
- Dynamic
	- Got processing power
	- Content change dynamically
	- Got functionality
	- Develop using HTML, CSS, ASP.NET, JavaScript

## d
- static web pages

# Q2
## a
- intuitive object model. Expose HTML elements within the page in an intuitive object model
- enable view state. Automatically retains the value of their properties with view state 
- separate design from logic. Seperate design code with application logic
- browser compatibility. Retain the browser compactibility and support advanced browser feature such as JavaScript

## b
- RequiredFieldValidator. Make sure a field has value (is not left empty).
- CompareValidator. Compare the entered value with another value or value of another control.
- RangeValidator. Ensure that the value is within the specific range.
- RegularExpressionValidator. Match the entire text against a specific pattern.
- CustomValidator. Runs custom code to perform validation on the value of the input.
- ValidationSummary. Display all the error message in the validation.

## c
- session, view state, application

# Q3
## a
- Ensure consistent layout
	- master page can be applied by other page to ensure the consistent design for example, header and footer that will be reused by every page can be designed in master page then apply it to other page

## b
- Benefits
	- Maintainability. Easy to update the data keep it up to date
	- Reuseability. Information in DB can be easily backed up and reused as required
	- Data context. Database allows to define relationship and rules for the data in the database
	- Quality and timeliness of content. Database are optimized for storage and retrieval of data. They allow you to use and update information on live Web site almost in real time
- Disadvantages
	- Development time. Take more time to write code to access the database
	- Dependency on the database. Whole website will fail if the database fail
	- Database round-trip. Round trip between client and server means slight reduction in performance
	- Cost. Full enterprise level database solutions are often quite expensive

## c
- It does not deny other user besides admin, because a deny tag is not present. Solution is to add the deny tag in after the allow tag, for example, 
```xml 
<deny users="*" /> 
```

## d
- try catch finally
	- It is used to catch expection thrown, normally runtime exceptions arising from actions like divide by zero. Identifying and wrapping error-prone code with try catch blocks allow programmer to specify the fallback actions to run in case an exception is thrown, instead of the programme crashing directly. 
- page error
	- It is used to catch any unhandled error at the page level. A page error event is raised whenever there are any unexpected exceptions thrown and is not handled, this allows the developer to specify custom logic like performing cleanup or error logging

# Q4
## a
- Advantages
	- Store on the cilent side, space does not need to allocate on the web server to store sensitive and specific information
	- Store small amount of information for a long period of time
	- Cookie can be used to customize a user's visit to your web site
- Disadvantages
	- Cookies have limited storage being allocated, they are unable to be utilized to store large or complex objects like arrays
	- Cookies an be easily deleted by the users manually
	- Users can choose not to accept cookies by blocking them

## b
- Reusability
	- Allow us to reuse the same content or logic across multiple different aspx pages
- Customizability
	- this is because through user control we can decide which content to display to the user without need to redevelop the page that contain some same content for different users
	- for example, to display advertisement, the user control can be used to display male related ads for male users, while display female related ads for female users by identifying the gender of users without need to develop 2 pages 
- Performance
	- User control supports fragment caching
- Code reduction and encapsulation
	- Reduce amount of code per page by encapsulating repetitive elements and logics

## c
- fragment caching
