# Q1a
## i Data file
- Store large amount of data such as image and audio file in internal or external method.
- The evMy app can utilize this data file to store the image of the ev car of the user in the internal storage to display the image of the user car on the app to allow the user identify the car easily through the image instead of other information such as number plate.
## ii Shared Preference
- Store smaller amount of primitive data such as boolean, integer, float etc in key value pairs in a file on the device, that persists across app restarts
- In this case, shared preference an be utilized to store the user id of the user of evMy when they are logged in, since shared preference can persist across app, the next time when the user open the app, their login session can be restored by getting their corresponding user id from the shared preference and then retrieve the actual user data from wherever it is stored in.
## iii SQLite
- Can be used to store repeating and structured data in tables where rows represent a record and the columns represent the properties of that record
- A relational database that store the record of evMy.
- In this case, SQLite can be used to store the information of charging station that will be used for charging station locator feature. This is because the charging station can be considered as a repeating and strutured data where all the charging station have their location, voltage, price etc as their attributes and these attributes applies to all the charging stations. Local or remote database an be utilized and in this case, the use of an remote database is recommended so when new charging stations are built, the record only needs to be inserted into the remote database and users don't actually need to update the app. 

# Q1b
- DIY
  - DIY means built the whole server and API including hardware and software by yourself. It allow you to have the full control over the server so you can choose the security method to protect your sensitive data and also tailor the server to meet your app requirements.
- Subscribe
  - Subscribe means utilize the pre-built backend that is provided by the erbvice provider instead of develop the whole system backend by ourself. The are several method that can be used such as cloud, virtualization, container and backend as a service.
- Mix and bang
  - DIY + subscribe. This method allows the developers to choose which infrastructures or services they want to have on site or built by their own and which services they want to subscribe to. A popular option is developers often decide to build their own database and subscribe to backend as a service. 
- Method selected: Mix and bang
  - As the EVmy is required to store the user personal information, it might not be as secured to store those information at the cloud and data stored in the cloud are often leaked. As the developers will not have the power to control the security method applied by service provider to protect the user personal information therefore the developers can store those sensitive data using DIY method. For other functionality such as data analytics, dashboard and etc, the developers can subscribe to a plan provided by the service provider to use those feature instead of develop those feature by themselves hence it can speed up the development process.

# Q2a
- GPS
  - GPS offer higher accuracy that is essential for the EVmy app. As the EVmy app have integration with navigations system and real time traffic update, therefore, the accurate location of the user is requried in order to provide those traffic information around the user to plan a effective route for the user.

# Q2b
- Accuracy
  - As the EVmy app have integration with navigations system and real time traffic update, therefore, high accuracy is required as the accurate location of the user is requried in order to provide those traffic information around the user to plan a effective route for the user.
- Frequency
  - In the EVmy app the frequency to compute the location does not required high frequency. This is becuase the location of the user will be used to route planning, therefore, it is not required to get the user location frequently as the minor update on the location of the user will not affect the route planned by the EVmy app. It only need the location of the user that has major difference with the last obtained location to determine is the user on the right path or is there any better path to take on the current user location.
- Latency
  - In the EVmy app a low latency is required as it ensure the location of the user is quickly accessed by the EVmy app. Therefore, with lower latency, the location of the user that is access by the EVmy app is accurate and the route planned by the app is accurate and useful.

# Q2c
- Foreground location
  - Foreground location is used when the user is using the navigation system where a visible UI is shown to the user to give them turn by turn directions to navigate them to various locations. In this case, foreground location will be used to help navigate the users to the charging stations or can be used in the route planning feature. 
- Backgroud location
  - Background location can be used where is the location request is constant, not visible on UI and no show persistent notification. Therefore, it can be used for the emergency assitance feature as it can constant update the location of the user and send the last known location of the user to the nearest emergency point so that they can locate the latest location of the user and send help to the user rapidly.

# Q3a
- Declare the use of camera hardware to prevent the app from being installed to a device without a camera
```xml
<uses-feature android:name="android.hardware.camera" />
```
- Request for camera permission
```xml
<uses-permission android:name="android.permission.CAMERA" />
```
- Request for storage permission
```xml
<uses-permission android:name="android.permission.WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE" />
```
- Request for audio recording permission
```xml
<uses-permission android:name="android.permission.RECORD_AUDIO" />
```
- Request for location permission
```xml
<uses-permission android:name="android.permission.ACCESS_FINE_LOCATION" />
```

# Q3b
- Use existing camera app with intent and startActivityForResult()
  - Simplest, less code required
  - Obtain photo or video using the user's built in camera app
  - No permission needed
- Build own custom camera implementation
  - Build on top of the CameraX API
  - Provides better control over the camera feature
  - Normally used when advanced processing is required, for example filtering or overlays
  - Need to request permission
- In this case, using the existing camera app is recommended, since no advanced feature is required and using the existing camera app with intent requires less code and it offers a very quick way to capture from the camera. 

# Q3c
- magnetormeters is recommended as it can capture the location of the device in terms of latitude and longtitude so that the EVmy app can identify the location of the user accurately when the user is using the emergency assitance feature to precisely locate the location of the user and send it to the nearest emergency point when the feature is invoke.

# Q4a
- Restricted Content
  - The developer is responsible to make sure that no restricted contents are in their app for example hate speech or explicit contents
- Respect intellectual properties
  - The developer must respect intellectual properties such as using copyrighted materials and avoid trademark infringements
- Ensure security and privacy of the user
  - The developer must ensure the app handles user data responsibly, maintaining privacy and security to protect user information, for example data encryption
- Monetization model and advertisement
  - The developer must follow the acceptable pratices for monetizing their app, such as following the guidelines on displaying adds, prevent displaying misleading ads and follow the rules for in app purchases
- Promotion and store listing
  - The developer can revise this policy to get guidelines on how apps are listed and promoted on the app stores like the play store, ensure they list their app honestly for example writing the accurate app description and providing real screenshots of the app

# Q4b
- App bundle
  - App bundle is the modern distribution method used as it offer dynamic delivery. It allow the developers to upload the compiled code and resources of the EVmy app to the app store. The Google Play will generate an APK dynamically on the spot and install it to the user's device according to the device configuration.

# Q4c
- Freemium
  - The EVmy app can offer a basic plan that only allow the user to enjoy limited feature offer that does not require the user to pay. However, the EVmy app can also offer alternative plan that provide the route planning featuere to the user but it require the user to pay in order to use the feature.