# Q1a
## i
- SQLite
  - SQLite database is most frequently used for storing repeating structured data in tables where rows are the records and columns are the properties, external or internal SQLite database can be used
	- As the attendance records is a structed and repeated data, therefore, it can be stored in the database where rows is the attendance record and columns is the attributes of the attendance records for example, time, employee id and etc are being used by every attendance records. In this case, an external SQLite database will be used so that the attendance of the employees are stored in a centralized external database. 

## ii
- Data file
	- Data file is mostly used to store large amount of data such as image and audio file in the internal or external storage
	- As the payslip can be a .pdf file format and is not a structed data, therefore, it can be stored in the internal data storage of the user device and the user can retrieve the payslip from their own device when needed.

## iii
- Shared preferences
	- Shared preference is used to store small amount primitive data in key-value pairs
	- As the user profile setting contain primitive data such as string, int and etc therefore, shared preferences is suitable as it only require to store the specific user data that is in the primitive data. For example, the user profile name, email address are store in string data format while the user age is stored in int data type.

# Q1b
- View model
	- View model is used to hold the data and display the data on the user interface. For example, view model can be used to hold data about the user profile such as username, email address and etc and display those information on the screen of the app. Other than that, the view model can also be used to store the state of the user interface, for example, the view model can store the state of an accordian whether it is expanded or not so that it persists over configuration change.
- Live data
	- Live data is the data that will be attached with a observer to observe is there any new data being insert or any update in the data source and usually the live data being placed in a view model. For example, the app can use the live data for the chat feature to facilitate employee communication as there are new chat added, the observer will be notified when there is a new chat added in the data source and the app will fetch the latest chat and display it on the chat room.

# Q2a
- Wifi or cell tower.
	- This is because wifi or cell tower works better in indoor scenarios because of the two hardwares, the wifi or the cell towers. In this scenario, high accuracy is not important as the app just need to ensure that the worker is in the office building.

# Q2b
- Accuracy
	- Only low accuracy is required the pin point accuracy of the worker is not required as the app just need to ensure the worker is in office buidling in order to let them sign in to work. Therefore, a high accuracy is not needed as it drain more battery of the device.
- Frequency
	- Only low frequency is required as the app just need to confirm whether the location of the worker is in the office building when the worker is trying to sign in to work. Therefore, a high frequency is not needed as it drain more battery of the device.
- Latency
	- Low latecy is required since latecy will affect the time the app get the location of the user. As the app need to ensure the exact time of the user location when the worker is trying to sign in to work. As the time to sign in to work is important to determine whether the worker has arrive and start working on time. 

# Q2c
- Foreground location
	- Share location of the foreground location is requested once and will be available for the predefined period
	- The visibility of the UI for foreground location is visbile
	- The foreground location will show persistent notification 
	- Foreground location is used when the user is trying to sign in to work as it only need to ensure the location of worker is within the office builiding in order to let the the worker to sign in to work and it location identify process does not need to be visible. 
- Background location
	- Share location of the background location is constant
	- The visibility of the UI for background location is not visibile
	- The background location does not show persistent notification 
	- Background location can be used to push a notification to the user when the app detect the user is entering the office building to remind them to sign in

# Q3a
- Declare the need to use a camera as it prevent the app downloaded in the device that does not have camera
```xml
<uses-feature android:name="android.hardware.camera" />
```
- Request camera permission to allow the app to use the camera
```xml
<uses-permission android:name="android.permission.CAMERA" />
```
- Request storage permission to allow the picture to be stored
```xml
<uses-permission android:name="android.permission.WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE" />
```
- Request audio recording permission to allow the app to record audio
```xml
<uses-permission android:name="android.permission.RECORD_AUDIO" />
```
- Reqeuest location permission to store metadata of the media
```xml
<uses-permission android:name="android.permission.ACCESS_FINE_LOCATION" />
```

# Q3b
- Use existing camera app
	- The developer can use the existing camera app if not special processing is required
	- It can be develop easily with the minimal code required
	- No need to declare the permission to use the camera
	- Existing camera app can be launched through Intent class and startActivityForResult()
- Build custom camera implementation
	- The developer can develop a custom camera if special processing such as filter, overlay etc is required
	- Implement it through CameraX API
	- Need to declare permission to use the camera
	- Provide better control over the camera feature
- Recommend: use existing camera app as in the scenario it does not require special processing therefore use the exisiting camera app will be much easier as no need to write additional code to use the camera

# Q3c
- Gravity sensor
	- It obtained data from the accelerometer and gyroscope
	- It can be used to handle screen auto rotation. When the user change the orientation of the device, the UI of the app should change according the orientation of the device
- Magnetometer
	- It can be used to obtain user location in term of latitude and longtitude

# Q3d
- MediaPlayer
	- Handle playing of the audio or video
- AudioManager
	- It manages the audio resources and audio output on a device
- When the staff onboarding, the staff can use the app to watch a video about the introduction of company to let the staff familar with the surroundings and location of the company

# Q4a
- Restricted content
	- The policy ensure that the app does not contain any content that is harmful such as hate speech.
	- In the TPR, the content should not contain hate speech or racism or explicit contents such as nudity. 
- Intellectual property
	- The policy ensure that the app does not use unauthorized copyrighted contents or infringe trademarks
	- In the TPR, it should not use any images or videos that is copyrighted without permission from the original author.
- Privacy and security
	- The policy ensure that the developers must protect the privacy and security of the user and handle user data responsibly
	- In the TPR, data encryption must be applied to protect the data of the user.
- Monetization and Ads
	- The policy ensure that the developers only monetize the app through certain monetization models and ads, following the guidelines defined
	- In the TPR, if the developers want to monetize the app through ADs, the developers must only display the ADs that do not have misleading information
- Store listing and promotion
	- The policy provide guideline for the developer on how to list their app on the store, ensuring that the developers list their app honestly
	- In the TPR, the developers will need to provide true description and real screenshot about the app in the store

# Q4b
- App bundle
	- It offer the dynamic delivery feature. It allow the developers to upload compiled code and resources about the app to the Google Play Store. When the user download the app, the Google Play Store will dynamically generate an APK based on user configuration. The generated APK will only contain code and resources that are needed for that specific device.

# Q4c
- Subscription
	- The TPR can offer the user a free trial period to let the user to determine whether the app suit them. Then once the free trial period is over, the user can use in app purchase to make payment for the subscription fees to continue to use the service provided by the TPR. This allows the TPR development team to have a consistent stream of income, allowing them to continue work on upgrading the app experience and provide continuous support to their customers. 
