# Q1
## a 
- Who: dimensions describe the responsibility of the stakeholder towards the new system's components.
  - For example, book store director will be responsible for demand forecast component that will allow the book store director to forecast the demand.
- Why: demensions describe rationale for the needs of a new system.
	- For example, the book store director wants to centralize the stock avaliability for their product, provides customization in fulfilling demands at different branches, and forecast the demand in every branch in order to ease their item purchase process
- What: demensions describe what functions should be provided by the new system.
  - For example, the system should allow centralizing of the stock availability for different branches, provide customizability in fulfilling demands in different branches and forecast the demand.

## b
- Effort spent without guaranteed return
  - Requirements engineering efforts are spent to engineer the requirements of the new system, but the efforts do not guarantee a good requirements document.
- Pressure on tight schedule and low budget
- Pressure on catching up latest technology
- Lack of data on requirements engineering economics, benefits and savings
- Requirements document often felt too big, complex and outdated
	- The customer may not be able to see the benefits on the requirements engineering process as it is very far away from the executable product that they want

## c
- Position in the organisation
	- Book store director, manager
	- They are the one who request for the new system, therefore their requirements must be able to satisfy.
- Influence in system acceptance
	- Book store director, clark
	- They are the one who will be using the system, theirfore their acceptance towards the system is important and their requirements must be fulfilled.
- Role in decision making
	- Book store director, manager
- Type of knowledge contributed
  - Book store director, clerk
  - Book store director knows the problems that the current system has, clerk knows the flow of using the system better
- Exposure to preceived problems
  - Book store director, clerk
- Personal interest

## d
- Passive obersation. 
  - Since the development team is not very familiar with bookstore management systems, active observation will not be effective because the development team needs to learn how to use the system before actually being able to gather any useful informations
  - Since the bookstore clerks might be reluctant to accept the new system, there must be something that the current system attracts them so they will be able to provide a lot data on how the system works through protocol analysis whereby the performers will explain their actions
 
## e
- FR: The system should allow the book store director to demand the forecast in every book store.
- NFR: The system should achieve usability. The users should be able to perform their actions on the new system within 1 hour of training time. 

# Q2
## b
- Use case name: Add property
- Descr: The system allow the property owner to add a property
- Actor: Property owner
- Pre-condition: Property owner must has an account and login with the account
- User Input
  - 1. The user enter the add property module. 
  - 3. Enter the information required.
  - 6. Confirm the action.
- System Response
  - 2. Display a relevant form that the user will required to enter.
  - 4. Validate the input.
  - 5. Ask the user for confirmation.
  - 7. Display a success message.
- Alternative flows of the events
 - 5. Display error message and redirect the user to Step 3.
 - Post-condition: The property added into the system. 

# Q3
## c
- Product related risk
  - negative impact on functional or non-functional objectives of the system
  - Eg. failed to deliver the functionalities defined
- Process related risk
  - negative impact on development objectives
  - Eg. failed to deliver within the stipulated time frame

# Q4
## a
### i
- Prototyping allow all stakeholders have a shared understanding on the requirements and experience some aspect of what a system based on the requirements would be like
### ii
- Proof of concept prototype
  - Aka vertical prototype
  - It is used to determine whether the functions is feasible
  - Implement a slice of application functionality from the user interface through all technical service layer
  - It work like a real system since it touch all levels of the system implementation
- Mock up prototype
  - Aka horizontal prototype
  - It is a prototype that focus on the user interface
  - It only contain some functions 
  - It allow you to explore specific behavior of the intended system, with the goals of refeining objective

## b
- Formal specification is applicable for life critical or mission critical system.
- For example, flight control system. The system is used to manage the traffic of airplane in the airport. If there is a bug or failure, it will cause big problem that might cause people to die.
- Formal method is constructed with mathematical notations that is precisely defined, the syntax, semantics and vocabulary.
- It is wil be used to find flaws in the error and reduce faults in the system.
- It is cost effective if the system's failure cost is very high

## c
- Agree. 
- As traceable requirements can prevent losing knowledge over the system requirements, this helps reduce risk as even if anyone leaves the development team, the knowledges still remain
- Traceable requirements also facilitates change control (requirements versioning) and impact analysis on the changes made to the requirements
- Traceable requirements also can support verification process as it documents why the requirement exists to check if the requirement have been fulfilled.
- Traceable requirements also facilitates reusability as it can find similarities between requirements and may potentially modularise them