# Q1
## a
Exception handling can be seen as fault avoidance, it is a way to mask the exception that might otherwise arise when an unexpected condition happens in the system, for example, dividing by zero causing the IllegalMathOperationException, without handling the exception, the system will directly crash, thus, exceptions must be handled to prevent it from crashing of the system. Exceptions must be masked before it can cause a fault in the system, and exception handling deals with the handling of well-defined error conditions in the system. For example, a try catch method can be used to perform exception handling. When we are performing a division action, when the user can pass in 1 number and try to divide it by 0. In this case, with try catch once the system tries to divide the number by 0, an exception is thrown because it is not allowed, surrounded with the try block, the exception is caught and the code in the catch block is executed to allow handling of the exception. 

## b
- Authentication. It is a process that identify is the person the actual person that is trying to perform the action, or in other words, this process verifies the true identity of the person. For example, after enter the uesrname and password to login to their bank account. With fingerprint validation, it can be used to identify whether the person logging into the bank account is the actual bank account owner. Hence, it increase the security of the bank system.
- Authorisation is a process of determining what a user can access and wha they cannot, ensuring the user or the entity only has the right access permissions to a system, authentication is a prerequisite of authorisation. For example, a normal bank user should not be authorised to view the admin dashboard of the bank system. 

## c
- Logical view. It show the key abstraction of the system as object or object class, concerning with functional requirements. 
  - Diagram: class diagram.
- Process view. It show how the system is composed of interacting processes when the system is executing, concerning with non-functional requirements. 
  - Diagram: activity diagram
- Development view. It shows how the software is decomposed for development, concerning with actual software module organization. 
  - Diagram: component diagram
- Physical view. It show the system hardware and how the software component are distributed among the processors in the system, primarily concerned with non-functional requirements. 
  - Diagram: depolyment diagram

## d
- Module structure
	- It organized the system into separate, independent modules
  - Reusability, maintainability
- Component and connectors structure
	- It organized the system into independent component that contain it own functionallities and used the connectors to interact with other component
  - Scalability
- Allocation structures
	- It organized the system by mapping the software structure to system organizational, development, installation and execution environment
  - It shows relationship between software elements and external environments
  - Performance, efficiency? cuz link with hardwares

# Q2
## a
- The problem is straight forward and can be solved easily with a linear set of instructions like a calculator
- The problem is only arised in a single context

## b
- The cost of applying the pattern to the system. For example, the development team must consider the space time tradeoff when applying the design pattern.
- The benefits of applying the pattern to the system.

## c
- The accuracy of the command received. Due to the surrounding of the environment, the command that is trying to pass to the game might contain the noise of the surrouding.
- There might have ambuiguity in the command. Due to the natural language, the AI of the game might have a different understanding to the user on some words.
- The input device of the user device is not functioning well. The input device is not functioning well, therefore it might capture some command speak by the player.
- The internet latency cause the game is not process the latest command speak by the user. As the game is an online game and it will surely contain internet latency therefore the latest command is not passed to the AI due to the latency.

## d
### i
- Facade pattern is to provide a simple interface to a complex subsystem to allow user to access it and hides the complexity of the system, for example, in the warehouse system, a facade can be implemented for a subsystem for instance inventory management subsystem that only provides interface for trivial usages like add item, hiding complexity of the rest of the subsystem
- Proxy pattern introduces a proxy that acts as a placeholder for an object with the aim of adding functionality to the object, for example, proxies are commonly implemented to images for caching or to show placeholders when the image is loading, a proxy image can be shown to the user first when the user is attempting to load a large image that will take a lot of time

### ii
- Facade pettern is selected. This is because the subsystem is used to perform complex logic tasks, therefore by using the facade design pattern it provide the simple interface to access the subsystem. Besides that, it also consider avoiding high dependency between subsystem. 
- The main consideration is to reduce the complexity of interface access among system components or objects, avoiding high dependencies. (sample ans)
- Therefore, facade is more suitable and in addition, Proxy will provide same interface with the represented object/components. (sample ans)

# Q3
## a
- High maintainability means that the module is low cohesion with other modules hence less interaction time is required when performing a task
- Less complex implementation consumes less memory

## b
### i
- Department class. A department may have different role such as lead department or sub unit

### ii
- Faculty-Department class
- This is a composition relationship. When faculty is removed, department must also be removed.

## c
### i
- Maintainability. The system must be maintain for 5 years therefore a high maintainability must be acheived. 
- Usability. The system need to be used for customer that comes with different levels of age.
- Reliability. The system need to perform each operation in different kinds of situations and cannot fail when performing a task. 

### ii
- Some functions might not perform as expected as there might consist some bugs
- The reliability of the system cannot be ensured as the testing is not conducted correctly

# Q4
## a
- Difficult to maintain 
- Duplicate implementation across multiple modules, increasing complexity

## b
### i
- functional oriented
	- Design the system using break and conquer
	- Decompose the system into different function unit (sample ans) 
	- It break down the system into smaller functions then group those smaller functions into module
- service oriented
	- A way to build a distributed software using web services executed on distributed computers
	- Break software into service (sample ans) 
	- It break down the system in term of service then group those service together to form a module

### ii
- Service oriented
	- This is because service oriented can build a distributed software using web services executed on distributed computers
	- A service is a function that is well-defined, self-contained, and does not depend on the context or state of other services. Therefore, it also provide higher maintainability

## c
- Data need to pass through many layers in between, hence reduce performance
- Too many layer may increase the complexity of the system, increasing maintainance difficult
- Interdependence between layer

## d
- message that trigger validateCash(), updateBalance() are synchronous as the validateCash() will need to perform completely before performing updateBalnce() to update the balance
- sentEmail(), asynchronous, as the message can be perform without the need to wait for the response from the user email