# Q1
## a
- Reuseable in different context so developer can reduce efforts
- Replaceable, the component can be replaced by other component due to change of requirements
- Extensible, a component can be extended from another existing component
- Encapsulation, the inner workings must be hidden from the outside world
- Independent, the component must be desinged to have minimal dependencies with other component
- Interoperable, the service provided is accessible from any platform

## b
- The development has decide to reuse 60% of the component from the previous project
- The developmemt will integrate a few component from external vendor which use the latest technology

## c
- what service is required
- what service is provided
- how can the provided services can be accessed by other components
- where the components can be deployed

## d
- Overlapping functionality
  - Some function that behave the same way might be provided by 2 or more components
	- The developers must decide to use the which function provided by the components and ensure that the operation is performed by the selected component only
- Missing functionality
	- Some function that is require by the developers might be missing as it is not provide by the components
	- The developers can select new components that provide the function or develop the new function
- Redundant functionality
	- Some function that is not required by the system is provided by the components
	- The developers can decide whether want to include those functions into the system but might lead to overlapping functionality at a higher level of integration or try to isolate and disable the unwanted functions

# Q2
## a
- logical view
	- It shows the key abstraction of the system as object or object class, concerning about functional requirements
	- the logical structure that shows the components within a system and communication between the components. (sample ans)
- process view
	- It show how the system is decomposed of interacting process at the runtime, concerning about the non-functional requirements
	- defines the reponsibilities and actions of the users and the system in executing specific requirements or functions. (sample ans)

## b
- pipe and filtering
	- it process the data in bulks and executes at a specific time intervale
	- it process the data through different conditions and rules in order to identify which class the data is belongs to
	- when there is new rules and conditions in the future, it can be added easily

## c
### i
- The structure leads to high coupling as between cilent and service providers
- The strucutre does not promote reusability, hard to maintain and does not promote good encapsulation

### ii
> tc gt show d

### iii
- singleton

# Q3
## a
- The interest and expectation of the system might be different for each stakeholders. 
- Each stakeholders rate the system with different quality attributes. For example, the user evaluate the system using usability while the developers evaluate the system using maintainability
- Therefore, the system might be measured as high quality for developers but low quality for users

## b
### i
- Availability

### ii
- Fault prevention. A strict practice to remove any scope of error in the system before deployment
- Fault detection. Identify possible fault or error before it occurs. Corrective actions will be taken to solve the possible errors. 
- Fault recovery. To incoperate a recovery mechanism whenever an error occurs. For exmaple, build redundant servers to serve cilents. 

## c


# Q4
## a
- interview user
- video recording evaluation
- observation
- record error rate

## b
### i
- Learnability. User could familiarize themselves with the system after 1 round of usage. The system is easy to use and understand. 

### ii
- user guidance, the manual does not provide sufficient enough guidance to the user that lead to high error rate
- user diversity, the error message format does not consider audiences who have difficulty, such as colour blinds
- user familiarity, mismatch between icon and button function cause the users unfamilarity

shougonggggggggggggggg