# Q1

## a(i)
- the system does not tell the user where there is an error occur
	- in the example given, when the user enter a wrong password the system does not alert the user
- the system does not use the icon that users are familiar with which makes them misdnderstood the functions of the button and make them do mistakes.
  - in the example given, the system have icons that looks familiar which make the user clicked delete insteed of saving it. 
- the system has a long respond time and did not tell the user the state of the system
	- in the example given, the system took around 10 minutes to access the system and ended failed

## a(ii)
- The system should place the user in control
  - People like to know the status of the system. The system should provide a screen when processing to inform the user the status of the system.
  - For example, the system could provide a loading/progress bar to let the user to know the progress status of the process.
- The system should apply the UI design principle user familiarity
  - The system should use the icons that are familiar to the user
  - For example, the system should adhere to the current UI standards whereby a trash icon is used to represent delete and a floppy disk icon is used to represent save
- The system should apply the UI design principle user guidance. The system should provide an error message that include what error has been made and way to solve the error to user.
  - For example, the system should tell the user a wrong password has been entered and tell the user to reenter a correct password.

## b
- Registration
  - stimuli   : Non registered users requests to register an account
  - response  : System will show registration form to let users enter registration details. The system will validate the registration details and send a confirmation email to the user. 

- Class Scheduling
  - stimuli   : An aperiodic stimuli occurs when tutor requests to arrange a replacement class for a specific subject.
  - response  : The system display an interface for tutor to input the replacement class details such as class date, time and location and the system will check the availability. When the replacement request is proceed, notification will be sent to the students.
 
- Attendance
  - stimuli   : An aperiodic stimuli occurs when the tutor requests to take attendance for the student
  - response  : The system display a student name list that contains all student who have take the course. The teacher can tick on the checkbox beside the student name to mark the student as present. On the other hand, if the checknox is not tick by the teacher means that the student is absence.

## c
- soft real time system
  - a soft real time system is a system where the operation is degraded if the action is not completed in a specified time intervals. Timeliness is important but not strictly mandatory. Ocassional delays are acceptable as long as the overall performance of system is not severely impacted or no critical failures will happen
  - example: location-based services system - Google Map.
- hard real time system
  - a hard real time system is a system where the operation is incorrect is the action is not produced according to the specific time. Meeting time requirements is very critical. Any delays will lead to catastrophic consequences, and may potentially risk human life
  - Example: Air bag system -> air bag system need to respond precisely when accidents occur

# Q2

## a
- Respository model. The respository model is effective way to handle large data amount data as the data are stored in the centralised repository. Besides that, the branch does not need to concern how the data is produced. Futhermore, the with respository model, it allow centralised management can be done easily as the maintenance or security check will need to perform at central respository. Lastly, the sharing model is establish as respository schema, which is based on a well-defined schema that specified how the data is structured. 

## b
- Planning
- Scheduling
- Monitor Progress
- Supervise

## c 
- Perfective Maintenance
  - Perfective maintenance is a maintenance performed when there is a new functional or non functional requirement request from the user. 
- Adaptive Maintenance
  - Performed when there is a change of environment. This typically includes adapting the system to a new hardware or a new operating system.
- Maintenance chosen: perfective maintenance. This is because login feature is a functional requirement.

# Q3

## a(i)
- Agree
- Cost saving 
- exclude all the defect
- improve customer's satisfication

## a(ii)
- Unit Testing
  - Unit testing is testing the individual component to ensure it worked as it behave.
  - Test cases of unit testing should include all the condition and options.
- Module Testing
  - A module is a collection of dependent components
  - Module testing is concern with testing the modules
- Sub system Testing
  - Sub-system testing is a testing to test the collection of module which have been integrated as sub-system
- System Testing
  - test the integration of all subsystem into a system
- Acceptance Testing
  - The test is carried out before the product is released. It is conducted by the user to determine is the system ready for operational user

## b(i)
- Inefficient use of resources
  - Difficult to efficiently allocate resources to the tests
  - May lead to undertest of some area and overtest of others
- Ineffective or incomplete testing
  - Without a test plan, it may be difficult to define a clear and measurable test objective
- Increased risk of releasing a product with defects
  - some important test will be left out 

## b(ii)
- Testing 
- Testing process
- Requirements traceability
- Tested items
- Testing schedule 
- Test procedures
- Hardware and software requirements
- Constraint
  - Test item availability
  - Test resource availability
  - Time constraints

# Q4

## a (i)
- Advantages
  - Ensure requirements are accurate and complete
    - Broad stakeholder coverage when discovering requirements
  - Identify and resolve conflicts between different stakeholder's viewpoints
- Disadvantages
  - Time-consuming and complex to implement
  - Hard to identify all stakeholder requirement

## a (ii)

### College library system
- Interactor viewpoint
  - Student
  - Library Staff
- Indirect viewpoint
  - School management
  - Library manager
- Domain viewpoint
  - UI standards
  - Legal standards

## b
- Physiological needs
  - Survival needs like water, money
- Safety needs
  - Ensure a sense of security and wellbeing
  - Long term contract
- Esteem needs
  - Provide positive feedback and praise
- Belongingness and love needs
  - intimate relationship, friends
- Self-fulfilment
  - achievement or experience
