# Q1

## a
- Student Registration
  - Stimulus -> A new student visits the Zara hairstyling Academy website and wants to register for a course.
  - Response -> The system displays a registration form where the student can enter their personal information, desired classes, and payment details. After submission, the system validates the information and sends a confirmation email to the student. The student's data is stored in the system's database. When a new student decides to register for a programme, this event occurs at an irregular interval as different students register at different times.

- Class Scheduling
  - Stimulus -> A tutor or administrator wants to schedule a replacement class for a specific subject. 
  - Response -> The system provides an interface for the tutor/admin to input class details, including subject, date, time, and location. The system checks for any scheduling conflicts, assigns a unique class ID, and updates the class schedule. Notifications are sent to registered students about the new class. Tutors or administrators may request to schedule a new replacement class whenever the need arises. These requests can happen at various times and are not on a fixed schedule.
  
- Mark attendance
  - Stimulus -> On the day of a class, the tutor wants to mark student attendance. 
  - Response -> The system presents a list of registered students for the class. The tutor can mark each student as "present" or "absent." The system records the attendance data and notifies absent students and their parents if necessary. Attendance records are stored for future reference.Attendance marking for individual classes occurs whenever a class is conducted, which may not follow a regular pattern.

- View result
  - Stimulus -> The student want to view their result
  - Response -> The system provide the interface for the student to select year and semester of study and also subject. The system will show the result based on the year, semester and subject. The student can request to view their results at any time so this is not applicable as an interval

## b
- User Familiarity
  - Use terms familiar to the user of the system like rent cars
  - Allow payment with user familiared methods such as online banking or FPX
- Consistency
	- Use similar elements for each pages that have the same functionality to reduce the learning curves. For example: having a navigation bar in each pages that have the same features.
- User Guidance
	- The system should provide help facilities to the user. For example, the system should provide placeholder or FAQ pages to the user to let the user know what should do.
- Minimal Surprise
  - The system should not shut down or execute a function by itself.
- Recoverability
  - Allow the user to escape from the current state. Example: back button to navigate to the previous page
  - Allow user to recover from error. Example: provide undo function for users

## c

### Functional requirement
- The system shall allow the user to enter keywords to search for their desired product 
- The system shall allow the user to view and confirm the order product list.
- The system shall allow the user to make payment

### Non functional requirement 
- The system should operate at 24/7.
- The system should be able to respond to user's request within 3 seconds.
- The system shall be able to support the world's population simultaneously.

## d
- Perfective Maintenance
  - Perfective maintenance is a maintenance performed when there is a new functional or non functional requirement request from the user. 
- Adaptive Maintenance
  - Performed when there is a change of environment. This typically includes adapting the system to a new hardware or a new operating system.
- Maintenance chosen: perfective maintenance. This is becuase login feature is a functional requirement.

# Q2

## a
- Respository model. This is because this is the effective way for many data sharing as all updated data will be accessed by all branch when there is a update. Besides that, the branch does not need to concern how the data is produce. Futhermore, it allow centralised management which makes management tasks to be handled more effectively, the backup or maintenance will only be required to done once at the central respository. Lastly, sharing model is published as respository schema, which is based on a well-defined schema that specifies how the data is structured. This schema provides a clear and standardised way for sub-system to interact with the data, which ensures data consistency

## b
- Group composition
  - Good balance of skills, experience and personality in the team
- Group cohesiveness
  - The group should work as a group instead of work as an individual and combine the work at the end. Help each other, increase productivity
- Group communication
  - Members communicate effectively when facing problem and through discussion to provide the best solution.
- Group organization
  - The working position for the staff in a project group may affect the motivation and productivity of a project group. 

## c (i)
- Requirement confusion -> difficult to use language in a precise and unambiguous way without making the document wordy and difficult to read
- Lack of clarity -> functional, non-functional requirements, system goals, design information may not be clearly distinguished
- Requirement amalgamation -> several requirements expressed as a single requirement.

## c (ii)
- Structured natural language
- Design descriptive language
- Graphical notation 
- Mathematical specifications

# Q3

## a (i)
- Agree with the statement
- To identify the defects at an earlier stage -> Developing the application may introduce defects. Hence, it is important that software testing be started as early as it will be able to help in identifying any issues or defects and provide sufficient time for the programmers to fix all the discovered defects before the software product to be delivered officially to the end users.
- Improve the product quality -> It is very important to ensure that the software product to be delivered to the end user in good quality. An exceptional product with good quality can be delivered if it is to be tested thoroughly and effectively before officially launched. Software testing helps the product to achieve the quality assurance standards which are established during the initial stage of the project as well as meeting the specifications/requirements which are defined by the users 
- Increase customers' trust and satisfaction -> testing a product throughout the development life cycle helps to build the customers' trust and satisfaction as it provides the visibility into the software product's strengths and weaknesses. By the time customers receive the product, it has been tried and tested multiple times and delivered based on the quality.
- Cost Saving -> Prevention is always better than cure. Software development issues which go unnoticed due to lack of testing activities may put the organizations in bigger troubles whereby the company may lose its reputation due to the defects which are discovered by the end users after the software product is officially launched to the real environment. Cost will be more expensive to be spent during testing activity as the organization may lose its reputation due to the defects which are discovered by the end users after a software product is officially launched to the real environment. Cost will be more expensive to be spent as compared to the cost to be spent during testing activity as the organization may need to spend higher cost and years to regain the trust from the users.

## a (ii)
- Unit testing
  - Test the individual component work as it should behave.
  - Test cases needed for unit testing should exercise each condition and option.
- Module testing
  - A module is a collection of dependent components
  - Module testing is concerned with testing the modules
- Sub-system testing
  - A sub-system is a collection of modules
  - This test is concerned with testing with collection of modules which have been integrated into the sub-system.
- System testing
  - Test the integration of each sub-system in the entire system.
  - Basically involves integration testing
- Acceptance testing (Alpha Testing)
  - The test is carried out before the product is released. It is conducted by the user to determine is the system ready for operational user

## b
- Prototyping model
  - Prototyping model is an iterative, trial-and-error process that goes back and forth between users and developers, in prototyping model, a prototype is developed, tested, refined until the final prototype is accepted and it forms the basis for developing the final product
  - With prototyping model, it is very flexible and it allow the client to see a partial product in the early development stage. Through the prototype, the cilent is able to identify their requiement and also discover the missing features. Besides that, with the prototype it allows the developers to identify error quickly.

# Q4

## a (i)
- Advantages:
  - It can help to identify and resolve conflicts between different stakeholders' viewpoints. Viewpoint-oriented analysis encourages analysts to consider the requirements from the perspective of different stakeholders, such as users, developers, and maintainers. This can help to identify and resolve conflicts between different viewpoints early on in the development process
  - It can help to ensure that the requirements are complete and accurate. By considering the requirements from different perspectives, viewpoint-oriented analysis can help to ensure that all of the necessary requirements are captured and that the requirements are accurate and consistent.
- Disadvantages:
  - It can be time-consuming and complex to implement. Viewpoint-oriented analysis requires analysts to identify all of the relevant stakeholders and their viewpoints, and then to develop a model of the system that captures these different viewpoints. This can be a time-consuming and complex process, especially for large and complex systems
  - It can be difficult to identify all of the relevant stakeholders and their viewpoints. In some cases, it can be difficult to identify all of the relevant stakeholders for a system, and it can be even more difficult to understand their viewpoints. This can lead to incomplete or inaccurate requirements.

## a (ii)
- Food ordering system
  - Interactor viewpoint
    - company staff
      - Use the system to view customers' orders and prepare them
      - Update customers' order status
    - customer
      - Use the system to order food
      - Use the system to track their order
  - Indirect viewpoint
    - manager
      - Influences how the system will be designed according to the business process, but do not use the system themselves
    - security staff 
      - Influences how the system will be designed according to security features, but do not use the system themselves
  - Domain viewpoint
    - UI standard
      - The UI of the system will need to have provide some functions that is confirm required
    - Legal compliancy
      - The system will need to be designed around the legal needs

## b
- physiological need
  - needs required for survival
  - provide air conditioner office
- belongingness and love need
  - a sense of belonging and acceptance
  - intimate relationship, friends
- esteem needs
  - provide positive feedback and praise
- safety needs
  - provide a person with a sense of security and well-being
  - long term contract 
- self-fulfillment needs 
  - achive on peak achievement or experience